The cats had fur of buttermilk and moved through the spring light as if were their own special kind of water.; Henri Matisse

Calico cats flowed through the brindled twilight.; Henri Matisse

Cats adorned the wall, absorbing both the sun-heat of the rocks and the verdant moss cushions.; Henri Matisse

The cats wove themselves into the long grass as if they were strands of a golden-green daydream.; Henri Matisse

The cats were wonderful at bringing their fur to a sleek shine, their self confidence and prideful glow being a vital part of such feline beauty.; Henri Matisse

The cats moved in the twilight as knight and horse combined, the galloping feet and the hands upon invisible reins. For cats are this way, masters of their own destiny and riding upon none.; Henri Matisse

The kitten is a new spark of life in softest fur. Her eyes tell of pure energy tempered by an undercurrent of nervousness. She leaps with the sudden pounce of a tiger, gaining confidence and accuracy. It won't be long before she's pure cat, independent and sassy, the queen of her human subjects.; Henri Matisse

The kitten holds her head like she's the born ruler of the universe, yet the wobble in her walk shows she isn't yet in full command of her own limbs. She mews with the same newness that a newborn baby cries, high pitched yet still soft, unable to project the volume more developed lungs can muster.; Henri Matisse

The kitten is smaller than the palm of Kashmir's hand, a miniature cartwheel of fur. Her eyes aren't yet ope; she lies so still, sleeping, a tiny miracle of creation. Without her mother she needs round the clock care, but Kashmir won't have to look far for volunteers. Her sisters have already set about finding supplies and devising a night time roster. ; Henri Matisse

The kitten of yesterday, cute and dependant, has given way to a brand new stage of kittenhood. Tinker prances more than walks, only slinking when she hears a rustling nearby or winds herself around Terry's legs to ask for her supper. It's the beginnings of cathood, her adult years, but she's still got a heaving sprinkling of youth in her growing bones. A trail of yarn drives her crazy, clawing at the carpet as if her life depended on victory.; Henri Matisse

The alleycat was the cheshire grin of my day, always there, always ready to arch into my outstretched palm.; Henri Matisse

In that drab alleyway the cat was the gold, golden fur in golden light, always watching in that steady feline manner.; Henri Matisse

The alley cat was the monarch of the alleyway, always so clean after spending long afternoons washing in the sun.; Henri Matisse

The alley cat was almost more scar than fur, his ears were matted confetti and he stank worse than week old garbage. He watched with lamp-like eyes, a ring of sea-green around the expanse of black, paws always ready to run; Henri Matisse

The scrapper from the alley doesn't look like a stray, he's just as well fed as any apartment kitty. Truthfully, the scraps from the Japanese restaurant are better than any cat food and his coat shines like he's off to a cat show. On sunny days like today he'll be on top of the old black dumpster, taking in the heat from above and below.; Henri Matisse

Under her cracked pads the summer rain was a blessed relief. The cat walked with the stiffness of age, but also with the fragility of one so withered. Her fur was dull and thin, unwashed and bare over the tips of her pronounced shoulder blades. At the curbside she hesitated, this cat that once scaled up mighty oaks and jumped from roof tops to outlying branches knew the tiny hop to the road could hurt.; Henri Matisse

Black cats of silken shadow's breath, conjured of nightingale song, came on silent paws. For they are drawn to the heart of magic that dwell's in these parts. They move in its flow as easily as the spring-wash carried fish.; Henri Matisse

The fabric of the black heavens came to us then in feline form, eyes star-bright, whiskers of spun moonlight.; Henri Matisse

A cat of perfect black walked the pathways she was born to own: head high, tail up, limbs in sleek precision.; Henri Matisse

A-top the blacktop wondered a black cat, her fur the kind of noir that showed the greys and weathered imperfections of the road.; Henri Matisse

The night develops my feline soul as if it were the perfect dark room.; Henri Matisse

In my feline soul is a love of independence and a need to curl up with you.; Henri Matisse

A perfect day brings out the purr in my feline soul.; Henri Matisse

My feline soul stretches into the ether of nature to sense the broader reality of living.; Henri Matisse

